crispy following today we'll be unboxing
the Benro 82 5 7 3 AFS 6 tripod kit
paired with the s6 head which I believe
can haul up to thirteen and a half
thousand let's see what's inside the box
that's my packing slip are by the way I
got this from this tech I think they're
on Queen Street and downtown Toronto
okay so that's in the box
that's how it comes with the nice big
eyes Marion cakes for our convenience of
course pretty darn heavy eyes it has a
lot bigger than I expected it so I guess
these are just straps for your carrying
case for your shoulder that's a nice
Blackmagic production camera for kids so
that's a pretty big hefty camera with
the lens on it so I need something that
can support the way they came across
this tripod for a reasonable price
picked it up took a little longer than
expected cuz the live person is actually
Canada Day so nobody was working
nevertheless while this thing is built
very nice nice so there you have a gauzy
Benro a two five seven three FS six
beautiful tripod built very very sturdy
there you can see the L number thank you
for watching guys make sure to subscribe